# My friend ShieldTech
Part 1   

Tuesday morning, I arrived at Holešovice market completely uncaffeinated, wearing my standard black t-shirt, jeans and a black hoodie. I briefly considered a maroon t-shirt but this morning it just seemed way too exciting. To make up for it, I put on Wolf’s Heart perfume, as if that would magically transform me into a wolf of wallstreet.  

I find the halls pretty quickly and walk up to a security guard standing outside. “Am I at the right place for ETHPrague?”   

He gives me a stern look. “Have you registered?” He looks at my wrist and then points me to the next building. I walk in and give my name to a helpful-looking young woman standing behind a make-shift counter. She looks at me. I look at her.   

She breaks first. “I need your ticket.”  

I blush. Of course she does. As I reach my phone, she says, “This is ETHPrague. Is that…” She’s trying to be tactful. “Is that what you are here for?”  

”Yes,” I say, poking frantically at my phone. I’m in the right place, I’m just stupid.   

”You should have an email,” she says. “It’s a QR code.” She watches my face to see if she needs to explain what a QR code is.  

Finally, I find it and she scans it. And apparently her job is done. No name tag, no anything.   

I thank her and turn to go. As an afterthought, she calls after me. “Do you want a paper bag?”  

I’m really tired of feeling stupid but I have no idea what she’s talking about. I turn to see her holding up a paper bag. “Um, no?”   

“There’s stuff in it.”  

“Maybe yes?” I come back to the counter. ”What kind of stuff?”  

”There’s a battery pack, and um.” She starts rummaging in the bag. “And a postcard.” She reaches in and pulls out a tiny bottle. “And this.”  

“What is it?” It looks like soy sauce.  

”I don’t know.” She reads the label, which is all in Czech. “It’s an energy drink. Um, a Samurai Shot.”  

A soy-sauce flavoured energy drink? I accept it anyway, wondering if I’m the only one who has bothered to ask.  

Actually, I’m just early. There are four people in the main hall, who all seem to know each other. I walk back to the entrance with the security guard. There’s a woman mopping and he holds a hand out to stop me from walking over the freshly cleaned floor.   

“I’m just wondering if there’s anywhere here to get coffee,” I call to him.   

“I wouldn’t know,” he calls back. “But there’s this thing called Google Maps.“  

Chastened, I turn to walk away. “Right, thank you.”  

”No, wait!” He is pulling out his phone. “Give me a second, I am looking.” He wasn’t telling me off but just thinking out loud.   

I cross the now dry floor and glance at his nametag. It says Shieldtech.   

”OK, I found something,” says ShieldTech. He shows me his map. “It’s on the other side of the market.”   

It’s right by the main market. “Great,” I say and turn to leave.  

”So what you need to do,” he says, tapping ‘directions’ on his phone. Google plans a route that has me leaving the square and walking around the block. “No, no, don’t do that,” he says, frowning. “Just go straight this way and turn left. It’s called…“ He tries to translate the name. “I think Coffee King.”  

I do not need to know the name of the coffee place and especially not in English. “OK! Thank you very much!” I quickly head before he can be any more helpful.  

I quickly find a coffee stall that may or may not be called Coffee King. “Do you speak English?”  

He rolls his eyes. Of course he does. “What do you want?”  

I relax; this is more the level of service that I expect in Eastern Europe. I order a cafe latte, single shot, as I want to drink my soy sauce later.   

Back at the convention, Shieldtech waves me over. “I have new information,” he says almost excitedly. “If you want coffee, you just go into that hall there. The one marked as…”  

He pauses for a long moment. I have full sympathy, numbers are hard. “Seventeen,” I say.   

“Seventeen,” he tells me. He gives me a stern look. “That is where you should go to get coffee.”   

“Thank you,” I say, and quickly decide againt calling him ShieldTech to his face.   

“No problem,” he says, and goes back to watching people’s wrists to make sure they have their wristbands.   
